refactor: kernel argument handling (#637)
omnect/meta-omnect: README.md

Author: add `xattr`

Author: done

### Set `iot-identity-service` configuration
See [omnect-cli iot-identity-service configuration](https://github.com/omnect/omnect-cli/blob/main/README.md#identity-configuration).

### Set custom kernel parameter

> To set custom kernel parameter, e.g. `foo=bar` edit `/boot/omnect_extra_bootargs_custom` and apply:

Reviewer: nitpick: the code below doesn't show how to edit but creates the file from scratch.

```suggestion
To set custom kernel parameters, you need to write them to file `/boot/omnect_extra_bootargs_custom` (single line or multiple lines) on the device and apply it, e.g. for setting `foo=bar` you could do this:
```

Author: done, but rephrased.

```sh
sudo -i
echo -n "foo=bar" > /boot/omnect_extra_bootargs_custom
omnect_extra_bootargs.sh set
reboot
```

> Afterwards the kernel cmdline includes the parameter `foo=bar`.

Reviewer: nitpick, although it should be clear for everybody seeing a Linux system not the first time:

```suggestion
From next system start on the kernel cmdline will include the parameter `foo=bar`.
```

Author: done, but rephrased.
